Updating TenantID information in the article based on customer input (#7138)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/cross-tenant-mailbox-migration.md

       New-OrganizationRelationship "[name of your organization relationship]" -Enabled:$true -MailboxMoveEnabled:$true -MailboxMoveCapability RemoteOutbound -DomainNames $targetTenantId -OAuthApplicationId $appId -MailboxMovePublishedScopes $scope
   }
   ```
   

> Note: TenantID fed to $sourceTenantId and $targetTenantId is the GUID and not the tenant domain name.
> To find your TenantID - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/onedrive/find-your-office-365-tenant-id
> Here is an example of Tenant ID
> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74538523/145413901-e8924abf-13bd-442c-912d-932707ae8b9c.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The tenant ID that you enter as the $sourceTenantId and $targetTenantId is the GUID and not the tenant domain name. For an example of a tenant ID and information about finding your tenant ID, see [Find your Microsoft 365 tenant ID](/onedrive/find-your-office-365-tenant-id).
```
